it
and today we have an unboxing of the
sony ericsson xperia arc this is a new
android device from sony ericsson it is
been released just a little while ago
just look around the box here on the
back we have a exmor r from mobile
that's the sensor we got hdmi Wi-Fi
certified the lan droid guy bravia
engine will get into that more later
DLNA lots of stuff on the top not much
side sony ericsson on the bottom bottom
imei numbers um over here sony ericsson
make-belief pretty nice box will just
get into it now and there we go we can
just lift this device out of here pull
this up we have a general
synchronization set up notice but that
is no fun this is the device Wow very
very nice you can see just how thin it
is it is incredibly thin we can just
zoom in here very thin indeed but we've
got three buttons on the bottom off the
stuff on the back we'll get into that
more a second but what else do we have
in the box nothing in here but we do
have a hdmi that's very nice they
include that cable it's on micro HDMI to
full HD max you can plug this render TV
we also have some in ear headphones that
look pretty nice they are Sony so
hopefully they'll be okay we also have
the charging cable micro USB 2 standard
USB and the power brick right here looks
pretty small that goes in just like that
inside we have also have the battery
this is a 1500 milliamp hours right
there and we also have my first hour so
this is a massive thing talking about
how to use the device we have my first
hour I believe this one's in French yep
important notices registrations French
and sorrow information so we could move
on to the device now we'll just peel
that off everybody love this noise and
the one on the note let's hit just one
so we can just take the back cover off
we have a micro SD card yes we do 16
gigabyte microSD card very nice we'll
just put that right back in and pop in
this battery put the sim in later and we
can just get the device started we can
do a quick comparison with the iphone 4
so it is a slightly larger device than
the iphone 4 not a lot so but slightly
and do a thickness comparison the iphone
being nine point three millimeters thick
the iphone definitely feels heavier than
the ark the ark feels well built pretty
sturdy but it is a lot of plastic
whereas the iphone is very metal on the
back we have five my pixel camera so now
we can just go in the device on the
front we have the three android buttons
nice and physical no search button but
that does not bother me on the top we
have the front facing camera proximity
sensors and the earpiece right up there
at the top we have the power button and
here we have the hdmi out right under
that little flap on this side we have
the micro USB power volume up/down
buttons and the camera button very small
on the bottom we have the microphone and
the lanyard port and the place to pry
out the back on the other side we have a
3.5 millimeter headphone jack on the
back we have the 5 megapixel camera with
HD 1080p video recording with flash with
the sony ericsson logo and now the
device is ready to go so we can just see
we have the typical we can just unlock
this device now yes i want english and
just probably loading up everything
there we go very nice device seems very
thin very nice in the hand seems very
responsive so far buttery smooth got
that pinch zooming feature pop open the
app tray very nice we can spin this
little thing here with the photographs
as they load Eiffel feeling it's taking
longer to load on the first time we can
just hop into settings quick and get my
Wi-Fi setup so I just got my Wi-Fi
set up we can just hop into the browser
now there we go this out of here jump
over to engadget there we go and gadget
calm my Wi-Fi is not very strong in this
room of my house but we'll see what
we're doing so we're all loaded up now
and we can see it's pretty jittery not
that smooth but I have a feeling that is
solely become a because of flash so if I
just hop in here to the settings and
turn off we can see now we have flash
off and it is more responsive but still
not to iPhone quality we have pinch to
zoom which is pretty smooth and gadget
is a fairly intensive site but this has
just been my unboxing and hands-on video
the Sony Xperia Arc we're going to have
reviews comparisons comparisons of this
special screen they're touting the
reality display and lots more videos
coming up soon of the Sony Xperia Arc on
tech taenia that we're just getting this
device so get ready for a ton more
coverage of the Sony Xperia Arc